Second Edition

1. Admin console
	a. add user
	b. delete user
	c. user stats
	d. change password
	e. add commands/technologies to the seed material

2. Modify authorization: Users are by invitation only

3. ON HOLD: Postgres migration (for render.com)

4. Style refinements
	f. alphabetical listing of commands --> is this wise if each row of the table is a step in a larger process? (JK's git rebase directions)
	k. dark mode
	m. tweak the technology page icon button styling (needs refinements)

	a. DONE: all buttons (incl "Copy") in 3rd column
	b. DONE: first column cells should be same height as second column (use white space to achieve this)
	c. DONE: allow lists in second column (also did first column)
	d. DONE: have edit icon on cards that lead to rename and delete functions
	e. DONE: eliminate section display on cards
	g. DONE: clean up in-page navigation
	h. DONE: commands or command variables in unique color
	i. DONE: narrow the margins in wide views
	j. DONE: long commands have elipsis, which when clicked, reveal whole command in overlay (with appropriate buttons)
	l. DONE: if a page has a single section table, name that table "Default" and allow user to edit it in the same way they do sections they have created.

5. Features
	e. if there is a list of commands in a single cell, can we have separate copy buttons for each? --> too busy?
	b. OPUS PLAN REQUIRED: index of all commands on a single page (how?)
	a. OPUS PLAN REQUIRED: search all commands & within a technology page (semantic search?)
	
	f. for commands that need variables: select a command, textbox overlay to compose exactly what is wanted (variables, etc.), textbox has copy button, close button (or click away to close) [otherwise straight copy is ok]
	g. user sets command variables temporarily? (have a default)

	
	c. NOT DOING: automatic alphabetizing of new cards --> prevents user from ordering cards
	d. DONE: in page navigation for all pages with >1 section (add immediate when new section is added)
	h. DONE: allow user to choose which technologies to seed with
	i. DONE: add additional seeds after account creation

6. Security: Application only knows character strings (nothing about commands or executing commands)